Add justification when no ABI is found as package-extract was not run (#233)
thoth-station/thoth-station.github.io: _j/no_abi.md

---
title: No ABI information was found for the given container image
---

The given runtime environment was not analyzed with respect to ABI symbols
present in the containerized environment hence recommendations specific to ABI
symbols cannot be done.

## Issue description

> Thoth analyses container images to give better guidenance with respect to ABI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thoth analyzes container images to give better guidance with respect to ABI
```

Author: Thanks, applied 👍🏻
